# Usman-Qidwai-FlatironSchool-Project-3



This third project that I'm working is A CLI Application and in this prohect basically, The way this works is by you have to add the name of an anime that you like, how many seasons you want it to have and if you want it to remove any seasons. I made about two animes that I like very much. The First one is a Classic called Dragon Ball Z, so what this anime is about a boy named Goku who camed from outer space and he was taken care of by a kind old man named Gohan. Goku was a very hyperactive and strong kid. As he was growing up goku meet a girl named Bulma who was going around the world in search for the dragon balls. The dragon balls are these seven magic balls that once you gather them all a dragon by the name of Shenron appears and he will grant you a wish any wish. Goku and Bulma go through so many trials and tribualtions and fight so many enimes along the wsy some of them become friends. As time passes on goku becomes stronger as every fight he participates in. Soon goku gets married to a girl named CHI-CHI and together they have a son named Gohan. Goku named his son after his grandfather. One day Goku went with his son gohan to meet his friends Krillian, Bulma and his firstteacher Master Roshi, as they all were catching up an unknown man showed up. His name was Raditz and he told Goku everything about himself. Like that his name was Kakarot, and that he was fro a fighting warrior racer called the Saiyans and he ws born on the planet Vegeta that no longer existed because it was destroyed by a large meteor Goku his brother and two others Nappa and prince Vegeta were the only survivors left. Raditz asked goku to join him Goku refused Raditz attacked Goku and kidnaps Gohan and he takes him away. Then Picolo one of Gokus rivals comes and says that they both should team up and fight Raditz, Goku agrees and they go off to fight him and resuce Gohan. The fight between goku and piccolo vs Raditz was very hard for both of them but something strange happened Gohab showed an extreme evel of power and injured Raditz giving goku and Piccolo the chance to defeat him and they did. However goku suffered a lot of injuries and he passed away, however Raditz before he died told them both that the two other saiyans in a years time would come and destroy them so goku travels to the other world to meet King Kai so he could help him train and beat beat the Saiyans Piccolo starts to train gohan. And after acyear the Saiyans arrive and they have a huge battle in which goku and his friends end up victorious.
