My third Project for Flat Iron School is basically about a book project, this application what it does that you put in the name of a book that you have rad, the author and the rating that you would give it for the book, So for emaxple the way it works is that I would run the program and I would type the name of the book for example, The Great Gatsby by F.Scott Fitzgerald. The book was bascially about how this person was rich and gatsby was someone that was new money and he didn't partically came from old money like the people he is around. Soon As the story is progressing we find out that gatsby was noot really rich but he was cosplaying as a rich guy. So Gatsby fells in love with a Girl named Daisy but she is married to a guy name Tom, Tom does not like the fact that his wife is having an affair, but Tom is also having an affair and he can't stand it.It was in the summer and Gatsby was known throwing parties in New York in 1922 and when he saw Daisy he was smitten and tom saw that and he was very jealous. Tom Gatsby ,and Gatsby friend nick then take a ride to a valley and Daisy was driving the car and he accidentely killed Myrtle Toms Mistress
Daisy is very scared and does not know what to do, So Gatsy told her that he would take the blame for it. But Tom told Murtles Husband thta Gatsby was the one that killed Murtle. george then went to find Gtasby at his mansion and shot him and Gatsby fell in the pool. Nick then arranged a private funeral for gatsby, and then went back to the Midwest where he originally came from. Another book that I like is called Oliver Twist by Charles Dicken, the book is about a boy who was an orphan and grew up in an orphange. One day when while in an orphange Oliver asked for more food 
and he was punished and was sold for five pounds to an undertaker named Mr. Sowerberry. Oliver while staying with git into an altercation with another kid because he bad mouted olivers mother, Oliver then ran away and went out to go in london . As olver was travelling he became very hungry and thirsty a boy named Jack Dawkins, who was his age he gave Oliver some food and took him to meet Fagin. Fagi is a carrer criminal and he turns young boys who are orphans into criminals, Oliver was beginning to become a criminal he went out with two other boys to pick pocket, he saw the two boys try to steal a hankerchief also but Oliver saw this and was horrified and ran away the two boys ran away and Oliver barely escaped without getting charged with theft, Mr. Brownlow whos hankerchief was stolen takes Oliver in and begins to nurse him back to his health, Mr. Brownlow noticed that Oliver had a resemblennce to a picture of a girl that he had in his house. Fagin sent two people Bill Sikes and his lover Nancy to bring Oliver back and they did. Fagin told oliver to go with sikes to help him in a burglary, during the burglary Oliver gets shot and sikes escapes. Oliver is being nursed back to health by Mrs. Maylie and her neice Rose. Both of them become fond of Oliver and they spend the entire summer together in the countryside, However fagin and some o ne named Monk are hell bent in trying to recapture Oliver. When Oliver and Mrs. Maylie and Rose came back to london Nancy meets with Ms. Maylie and told her about vFagins pla n one of the gang memebers overheard this and told Sikes, Sikes then killed Nancy and ran away and as he was having a guilty concious and an angry mob after him he hung himself. Mr. Brownlow then came back to Olivers Life with the help of Ms. maylie and they found out that Monks is Olivers half brother,their father Mr. Leeford had an affair with Olivers mother Agnes Fleming and tsince then Monk has been searching for Oliver and making sure that Oliver does not get any of the familys inhertiance. Mr. Brownlow forces Monk to give Oliver his rightful inheritance. Fagin is arrested and hung for his crime rose is Olivers aunt, Mr. Brownlow adopts Oliver and he and Maylies live the rest of their lives happily in the countryside.